[Applause]
[Music]
good evening distinguished guests and
those who don't identify as that it is
really great to be here had the Royal
Andrew Royal Harry nice royal you know
it's there this royal palace play sorry
I was just told backstage that no one's
getting a massive gift bag tonight yeah
instead you're all getting a gifting
wallet yeah which is funny because
that's also the nickname of my vagina
maybe it is me who win Best Original
Score the after-party tonight
now as Graham was saying tonight is all
about sustainability say
so I made this dress by sewing two old
dresses together the red is from that
one time I didn't win Miss Australia and
the black is from a funeral I just went
to for the feature film cast
[Applause]
that's strangely not nominated for any
awards I'm not sure if everyone here is
across the controversy but you see there
has been a distinct lack of nominations
for felines yeah okay even in this best
director category no felines have been
nominated it's really shocking but at
least I get to hold this BAFTA for our
moment
and well what a great way to stop
yourself from getting coronavirus
[Applause]
Sam Mendes mom Scorsese Todd Phillips
Quentin Tarantino bong joon-ho I look at
the exceptional daring talent nominated
in this category and I dose I don't
think I could do what they do
honestly I just don't have the balls
you
[Music]